feat(docs): document Metering & Billing plugin event dimensions (#6538)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/metering-and-billing/index.md

If the plugin can't resolve a subject from the configured source (for example, if the expected header is missing), the event is dropped.

### Captured event dimensions

For each request it meters, the plugin captures a set of standard fields on the event's `data` payload. The available fields depend on the event type:

{% include plugins/metering-and-billing/event_dimensions.md %}

> In addition to these standard fields, you can attach operator-defined custom fields to events. See [Filtering traffic and custom dimensions](#filtering-traffic-and-custom-dimensions) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these standard fields, you can attach operator-defined custom fields to events. See [Filtering traffic and custom dimensions](#filtering-traffic-and-custom-dimensions) for more information.
```
Minor edit to remove the positional language.
